
# ICO Spotlight: SportsFix Brings The Digital Stadium To Life

SportsFix CEO Carl Kirchhoff

By: [Bruce Haring](http://blocktribune.com/author/bruce_haring/)

[Blockchain’s Sports Fix](http://www.sportsfix.io) is a company that is helping sports fans watch their favorite action no matter where they are in the world. Although the service is in its early stages, it hopes to expand its reach via an upcoming initial coin offering. Right now, it’s focused on the Malaysian and Indonesian markets.

[CEO Carl Kirchhoff](https://twitter.com/CarlKir) answered a few Block Tribune questions on his plans.

**BLOCK TRIBUNE: What sports are available on your service?**

**CARL KIRCHHOFF:** We launched our SportsFix services in Malaysia last year with Celcom/ Axiata, Digi, U Mobile and Maxis and launched Indonesia with Telkomsel and Indosat early this year. We are currently reaching about 300M people through those Telco distribution agreements and are looking to launch our services across ASEAN (Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Singapore, Myanmar, etc) within the next 12 months. Fans have currently access to live and VOD content via our local websites in Malaysia and Indonesia and we will be launching our mobile app this month.

**BLOCK TRIBUNE: How are you licensing the content?**

**CARL KIRCHHOFF:** SportsFix is acquiring rights directly from Rights Holders i.e. leagues, focusing on local sports mainly including Chinese Super League (Football = soccer), Thai league, Korean league, Indonesian League (all football/ soccer leagues), Badminton, MMA and Kickboxing, Mui Thai and cricket.

Aside from licensing sports content, SportsFix also started producing original content. Our first original was this year’s inaugural Boost SportsFix Super Cup where premier teams from Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand participated in a round-robin tournament.

**BLOCK TRIBUNE: What platforms can you watch on?**

**CARL KIRCHHOFF:** With blockchain integration, we will let fans vote for the content and the user experience they want. This model will revolutionize the current distribution system which is based on middle-men mark-ups and bundling/ packaging artificially and over-priced products for sports fans.

*Originally published at [blocktribune.com](http://blocktribune.com/ico-spotlight-sportsfix-brings-the-digital-stadium-to-life/) on June 19, 2018.*
